Shameless
What do you think?
I fulfill you
Count you
Go and sign
Ye Haochen
Don't you regret it
Regret hahaha
Stop being funny
I only regret not meeting you sooner
Li Haochen, I take care of the West
It's better to grab any man on the street than you
Is that okay?
Go ahead.
I really did.
Aren't you looking for someone to marry? I will marry you.
I got married in July, not the truth
It's ok.
You can get married in July, I don't charge you.
Excuse me.
I have a marriage partner
Gu Jingxi
I know it hit you too hard for me to divorce you
But you can't be so horny
I don't pick men on the street
Hello Ye Haochen
You wait for me to change my mind
Just you.
Mainly because I can't stand their faces
Before your marriage license
Do you need to get a divorce certificate?
It's close anyway
Right next door.
Where did this cowherd come from?
Like selling insurance or selling credit cards?
Hahahaha
He is stronger than you, Chen Shimei, who relies on women to rise
A lot.
I am the president of Shen Group
Uh, President of Shen Group
Are you talking about Shen Yanzhen, the head of the Shen family?
Yes, I am.